hello everybody welcome back to another
episode of Hollywood Jeff at interbike
why of 2012 from Las Vegas Nevada it's
been a crazy week where everybody is
just completely terribly hungover but
we're trying to push through this best
we can and make some sense out of the
bicycling industry I've got a couple
cool people with me today my guests are
Bruce Gordon and Sean walling sean is
from salsa cycles in California and is
that I have the raft voltcraft soulcraft
okay I'm I had some notes going back
maybe it's a little outdated I have you
down of salsa cycles maybe that's
incorrect and Bruce Gordon is from Bruce
Gordon cycles at sit oh these guys are
both metal workers frame builders they
work with their hands and fire and tools
and torches and make bicycles that
people can buy and ride and I just found
out before we aired that they have a
little bit of history together maybe you
guys can talk about how you met and how
things got started and I and bikes well
I moved to petaluma from Oregon after 12
years and moved to petaluma and I'm Bob
1988 and I needed an employee and I had
this young guy young kid named Sean who
came and wanted to get in the bike
business and he was 18 at the time I've
worked for year after year someone half
a year and a half and we work together
we started doing the rockin road tires
and rock and rode bikes and then he went
on to salsa cycles which was next door
right that's what I say yep and then
show salsa cycles when they got bought
by the big company he went on form
soulcraft and not just me it was me and
Matt nari he now works for camelback he
was my partner so you guys are like
entrepreneurs you're like job creators
and making things happen and not working
for the man
no thing well if you can you count
yourself as a job yeah and you only gave
the job for yourself I think so i think
that's fair to say yeah job creator for
yourself not jobs created right right
okay aspiring jobs creators but
businesses have to grow a little bit
okay yeah now Sean your uh your life
partner is a fireman I found that
interesting firefighter / finance the
woman oh okay i had i think i had
some more incorrectly might want to
update yeah deal that was departing
right there's anything wrong with it
yeah okay and how is that does that
complement each other frame builder
fireman oh yeah yeah i mean her schedule
is 24 hours on 48 off okay we have a
little girls three and a half so between
taking her to preschool and and my job
having flexibility and laney not working
every day of the week it works out
pretty good is your daughter do you have
her doing any tests yet like sweeping up
the shop or filing I'm she's prepping or
training her at home first and then okay
when I feel that she's ready I'll get
her into the shop okay i figured when
she turns four yeah that's probably
that's it when the child labor laws
about right right I've heard some of the
like overseas manufacturers to start
yeah that's what the hanalè say it's
wrong or is it good yeah in the Orient
I've heard that that's happening now
Bruce uses carbon fiber in terms of his
bikes why do you hate carbon fiber oh
hey carbon fiber because all your bikes
are metal that ones that doesn't mean I
hate it this means i don't know how to
do anything with it ok that's the it's a
whole nother a whole number all steel
builders hide behind it you know when
you say why don't you take well that's
because they don't know how it's not
because they don't just think they don't
disagree with it or is there like a
class you could take or something on
carbon fiber uh you know I don't know
it's sort of experience I've been
working the carbon fiber stuff I've done
has been with a gentleman called Mike
named Mike Lopez who used to be he
Surata composite okay for the Dodgers no
no no
he's a carbon fiber businesses whole
life his father used to build I think
carbon fiber helicopter blades for
Vietnam so he's so he's grown up with it
so when I we built the bikes I had never
built a carbon fiber bike or even ridden
one and so I told him what I wanted the
bike to do i'm ada lugs the aesthetic
part of it and did the he came up with
the tubing and if i wanted to or some of
our viewers out there i wanted to buy a
bike like is it is it like a hundred
dollars is it ten thousand dollars is it
just like crazy is it somewhere in
between I guess it's all depending on
which bike yeah which a long time okay
so somewhere between five hundred
dollars and ten thousand dollars you can
get a bicycle yeah close it closer to
the middle submit look there yeah
somewhere in that range yeah some of the
car the fancy bikes that I've done have
been show bikes which are more like show
bikes for show cars at a car show right
so they're they're not really you can't
put a value on them they're not really
meant to be rude but most of the bikes
that I sell or between three and five
thousand dollars Wow okay so I've got
some more saving to do yeah well these
have been two very exciting frame
builders from California here you see
today Sean from salsas craft all right
soulcraft and bruce gordon cycles from
from they're both from Petaluma
California and it's been exciting
talking to you guys I'm really
appreciate you bringing your bike here
thank you look at ya and thanks for
coming ok thank you very much yeah
thanks Thank You Jay Sean like thanks
very much have a good show